Update Writing Module Docs to reference msftidy_docs.rb (#18452)
rapid7/metasploit-framework: docs/metasploit-framework.wiki/Writing-Module-Documentation.md

 - **Verification Steps** - Tells users how to use the module and what the expected results are from running the module. 
 - **Options** - Provides descriptions of all the options that can be run with the module. Additionally, clearly identify the options that are required. 
 - **Scenarios** - Provides sample usage and describes caveats that the user may need to be aware of when running the module.

### Before you submit your PR: msftidy_docs.rb

A documentation file can be passed as a positional argument to `metasploit-framework/tools/dev/msftidy_docs.rb` and will

> highlight formatting errors the docs file might contain. Once all the errors and warnings thrown by msf_tidy_docs have

Author: ```suggestion
highlight formatting errors the docs file might contain. Once all the errors and warnings thrown by `msftidy_docs.rb` have
```
